---
title: 'A Little About Me'
date: '2020-11-08'
---

Hello and welcome to my new blog! My name is Sean and I am a Software Engineer that primarily works on the web. I love all things JavaScript and love learning about new things. While I consider myself more of a Front End specialist, I am perfectly able to work on the Back End as well. My favorite flavor of Front End is definitely React with Vue slowly creeping behind!

I know that the title of my blog probably gives my back story away but my background was in music prior to working in software development. I started playing the trumpet when I was 8 years old purely out of spite. We had an instrument fair at school and the music teacher said I should stay as far away from the trumpet as possible. Naturally, this made me want to play it even more! After playing it throughout my childhood, I decided to pursue my music career further and went to the Crane School of Music for my Bachelor's degree. After finishing up at Crane, I went to intern at DANSR (A woodwind/brass acessories company) in Chicago while I figured out my next step and applied to Graduate school. After some careful decision making and finishing audtions at various schools, I decided that I would let fate choose; if I was accepted to a program on a scholarship, I would do that, otherwise I would pursue getting a job at DANSR. On the final day I had to make a decision whether I wanted to apply for a job within DANSR, I got a call that I had a sizable scholarship to my top choice Master's program. This made my decision very simple!

I studied Jazz Trumpet with Jon Faddis (Dizzy Gillespie's protege) for my Master's Degree and learned so much about music, life and what was really most important to me. After finishing my Master's, I was definitely a little lost as to what my next step was going to be yet again. So I decided to start interviewing for jobs outside of New York. I eventually decided to take a job at a music company based in Atlanta and I moved down to Georgia. After doing some soul searching at a couple different day jobs and gigging a fair amount, I realized that I wasn't happy with my career. I loved playing my instrument but felt my day jobs weren't fulfilling my creative problem solving skills or paying well enough to justify staying. Upon this realization, I started doing some literal soul searching on Google. Eventually, I ended up accidentally stumbling on Free Code Camp and ended up spending a full 48 hours just coding in plain HTML/CSS and loved it. I loved the idea that I was actually creating something tangible that I could show other people. It reminded me a lot of my passion for creating music. Once I spent some time making sure that this was for me, I decided to quit my day job and go to a coding bootcamp. Shortly after graduating, I landed my current role at Chick-fil-A. I absolutely love the company and my team and am so grateful to be there right now.

My current role focuses on Automated Testing, however, I am looking to transition roles within CFA to something that works more on Front End Web Development. I spend a minimum of two hours every day learning new technologies, working on personal projects and now, writing blog posts! If there is anything that you would like to see me discuss or write about, please feel free to email me at sean.m.mcquaid@gmail.com.

I look forward to sharing with all of you and hope you find these posts enjoyable!

Signing off,
Sean
